Rasmus' statement (#175)
SW709E19/Report: report/Appendix/AppendixCtrl.tex

\includepdf[pages=-]{Appendix/SwiftSensors.pdf}

\section{Neurospace's Project Proposal}\label{app:ProjectProposal}
\includepdf[pages=-]{Appendix/20190920-Device-Gateway-Platform.pdf}

\section{Statement from Rasmus (Neurospace ApS)}\label{app:Statement}
For the past semester neurospace have worked together with SW709e19.
As a company we are focused on gaining and sharing knowledge within Industry 4.0 including predictive maintenance.
Working with students give us the benefit of being asked questions we normally would not and get their input on hard problems.

> neurospace purpose the specific project to figure out how challenging it would be to build a fast prototype of a system which could help collect the data needed for predictive maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neurospace proposed the specific problem to figure out how challenging it would be to build a fast prototype of a system, which could help collect the data needed for predictive maintenance.
```

Author: neurospace skal egentlig skrives med lille n. Men det er også taget direkte fra mailen
